You and the enemy each get 5 ships: an Aircraft Carrier, Battleship, Patrol Boat, Submarine, and a
Destroyer. The goal is to find all of the enemy’s ships and destroy them before he destroys all of your
ships. The winner is the one who destroys all of their opponent’s ships.
Advanced Mode: 

Each ship has a new weapon, except the Patrol Boat. This game mode also introduces 2 Recon Planes
and an Anti-Aircraft Missile Battery. The recon planes will aid with scanning for and finding enemy ships.
The Anti-Air Missile is used to counter the enemy’s Recon Planes. More about these newly introduced
units will be discussed shortly.

	Aircraft Carrier:The Aircraft Carrier is able to fire 2 Exocet Missiles per game, which can attack 
multiple spots on the opponent's grid at once. Each Exocet will target 5 squares in the opponent’s grid. 
You have the choice of attacking with the firing pattern that resembles an “X” or a cross. If your Aircraft
Carrier is destroyed before both Exocet missiles are used, the missiles will be lost along with the Aircraft
Carrier. 


	Battleship: The Battleship gains the ability to use a Tomahawk missile. The Tomahawk missile is
able to strike a 3x3 square of nine total squares at once. If the Battleship is sunk before the Tomahawk
missile is used, you will not be able to use the Tomahawk missile for the rest of the game.  Only one
Tomahawk missile can be used per game. 


	Destroyer: The Destroyer gains the ability to use Apache missiles. Apache missiles are able to
target a horizontal or vertical line of 3 squares. Up to 2 Apache missiles can be used in one game. If the
destroyer is sunk before the Apache missiles are used, the Apache missiles will no longer be available for 
use. 


	Submarine: The Submarine has the option of choosing one of two special abilities. These special
abilities are Torpedoes or Underwater Sonar Scanning.  
	For the Torpedo, a spot at the edge of the grid will be chosen. The direction of the Torpedo
depends on the spot that is selected along the edges. If a spot is selected along the vertical edges of the
grid, the Torpedo will fire at the corresponding row. If a spot is selected along the horizontal edges, the
Torpedo will fire at the corresponding column. Once a column/row has been decided the Torpedo will
then hit every spot from one end of the grid until either it hits an enemy ship in that row/column or it
reaches the other edge of the grid. If an enemy ship is hit, fire from the Torpedo will stop. You can only
fire two Torpedoes per game and are lost if used or if the Submarine is sunk. 
	The Underwater Sonar Scanning does not damage the enemy ships but has no limit to the
number of times it can be used. This ability allows the player to pick a square of size 3x3. The Sonar
Scanner informs the player if any enemy ship is located in that 3x3 space. The sonar system does not let
the user know the exact location of the enemy ship in the selected area. If the submarine is sunk, you are
no longer able to use the Underwater Sonar Scanning ability.


Recon Planes: These planes start off on the Aircraft Carrier but one of them can be moved in
place of you taking a shot at the enemy’s grid. Recon Planes allow the user to scan around a specific spot
on the enemy’s grid and it will inform you if an enemy ship is hidden at that spot. When you choose a
point to scan, the Recon Planes will scan four surrounding spots. You can scan the 4 spots located
diagonally from the chosen spot, or the 4 spots that are next to (in contact) with the selected spot. You
can choose the scanning pattern each time you decide to scan. If a Recon Plane is moved, you cannot fire
at the enemy or use Recon Planes to scan a spot in the enemy’s grid. If the recon plane finds an enemy
ship, that spot is highlighted green. Any spots that were scanned and were found to be empty turn
white. The Recon planes must be moved from the Aircraft carrier in order to scan the battlefield.  If the
Aircraft carrier is sunk, the user can still use the recon planes if: 
	1. The Recon planes were not on the Aircraft Carrier. 
	2. The Recon planes were not hit while on the Aircraft Carrier. 
	3. The recon planes have not been shot down by Anti-Aircraft Missile. 


	Anti-Aircraft Missile Battery: To use it, you must select the Anti-Aircraft Missile and select a spot
on your own grid. If an enemy recon plane is located at that spot, the enemy’s Recon Plane will be hit. 
Once both of the enemy’s Recon Planes have been shot down, the Anti-Aircraft Missile Battery is
deactivated.